Update instruction to select branch (#15)
githubtraining/security-strategy-essentials: responses/00_introduction-issue.md

1. Click the [**Settings**]({{ repoUrl }}/settings) tab in your repository.
1. Scroll down until you see **Data services**.
1. Under **Data services**, click the check boxes to enable all the data services.

> 2. Scroll down to **GitHub Pages**. Select `master` as a **Source**.

Reviewer: What if we try and get ahead of having to continue changing this section? Something like:

```suggestion
2. Scroll down to **GitHub Pages** and set your [default branch as the source](https://docs.github.com/en/github/working-with-github-pages/configuring-a-publishing-source-for-your-github-pages-site), usually `main` or `master`.
```
